HHHHHT        APS1        ISSUE - 760106
PATN
WKU  RE0286710
SRC  5
APN  500649&
APT  2
PBL  E
ART  315
APD  19740826
TTL  Hydrophone damper assembly
ISD  19760106
NCL  18
ECL  13
EXA  Basinger; Sherman D.
EXP  Blix; Trygve M.
NDR  2
NFG  10
INVT
NAM  Widenhofer; James W.
CTY  Jackson
STA  MI
ASSG
NAM  Sparton Corporation
CTY  Jackson
STA  MI
COD  02
REIS
COD  50
APN  151269
APD  19710609
PNO  03701175
ISD  19721031
CLAS
OCL    9  8R
XCL  340  2
XCL  340  3T
XCL  340  7R
XCL  340  8R
EDF  2
ICL  B63B 2152
ICL  B63B 5102
FSC    9
FSS  8 R
FSC  340
FSS  2;3 T;8 S;8 R;7
FSC  114
FSS  206 R
UREF
PNO  2790186
ISD  19570400
NAM  Carapellotti
OCL    9  8R
UREF
PNO  3329015
ISD  19670700
NAM  Bakeke et al.
OCL  340  2
UREF
PNO  3377615
ISD  19680400
NAM  Lutes
OCL  340  2
UREF
PNO  3543228
ISD  19701100
NAM  Farmer
OCL  340  2
UREF
PNO  3543228
ISD  19701100
NAM  Farmer et al.
OCL    9  8R
UREF
PNO  3711821
ISD  19730100
NAM  Dale et al.
OCL    9  8R
UREF
PNO  3720909
ISD  19730300
NAM  Sikora
OCL  340  2
UREF
PNO  3803540
ISD  19740400
NAM  Mar et al.
OCL  340  2
LREP
FRM  Beaman & Beaman
ABST
PAL  A damper for use in submerged hydrophone suspension systems including an
      elongated mass cylinder defined by a tube of flexible synthetic plastic
      film utilizing a check valve located at each end permitting water to enter
      the tube and preventing egress. Additionally, each tube end is provided
      with a disk transversely disposed to the tube length and of a diameter
      substantially greater than that of the tube to provide drag and
      hydrodynamic mass damping. The tube and disk are of a configuration to
      eliminate vortex shedding and the entire damper assembly is capable of
      being folded and packed within a concise configuration prior to
      deployment.
BSUM
PAC  BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION
PAR  The invention pertains to the field of motion damping devices used with
      submerged marine instrumentation for damping instrumentation movement and
      displacement due to wave and water motion.
PAR  In underwater transducer and hydrophone installations, such as in a
      sonobuoy system for detecting submarine sounds and the like, the provision
      of a substantially stable platform for the hydrophone is of prime
      importance in order to reduce extraneous noises and signals and permit the
      most accurate sound pressure wave input characteristics.
PAR  The purpose of sonobuoy suspension systems is to attenuate the vertical
      motion imparted by surface wave action to a hydrophone platform as motion
      of the hydrophone due to surface wave action will result in the generation
      of spurious low frequency signals. The attenuation system itself must not
      produce low frequency lateral motion oscillation such as those commonly
      found in objects suspended in ocean currents resulting from periodic
      shedding of vortices in the flowing fluid.
PAR  In a free floating sonobuoy system it is also important that a high drag
      concentration in the vicinity of the hydrophone platform be produced to
      reduce the relative velocity of the flow past the hydrophone to minimize
      the magnitude of any occurring flow noise as well as reducing the
      frequency of the noise associated with boundry layer transition on the
      hydrophone surfaces. Additionally, the magnitude and frequency of any
      unavoidable motion associated with vortex shedding is simultaneously
      reduced.
PAR  Improved transducer suspension systems have been achieved by the
      utilization of complaint members such as shown in the assignee's U.S. Pat.
      No. 3,377,615. Additionally, the utilization of specialized configurations
      in floating and buoy systems for stabilization purposes are known as shown
      in U.S. Pat. Nos. 3,191,202, 3,500,783, 3,510,892 and 3,543,228. However,
      a damper assembly for use with submerged hydrophone assemblies wherein a
      mass damper of an effective construction capable of being concisely stored
      has not been previously successfully achieved.
PAC  SUMMARY
PAR  It is an object of the invention to provide a low cost damper for the
      purpose of stabilizing the position of a hydrophone platform in order to
      reduce the introduction of spurious noises and signals into the
      hydrophone. The damper of the invention utilizes both mass, drag and
      hydrodynamic mass damping characteristics, and while the mass of the
      damper is significant when deployed, its weight when stored is very small
      and its unique construction utilizes entrapped water to produce the
      desired damping mass.
PAR  Additionally, the damper assembly of the invention isolates the hydrophone
      platform from any direct input of residual strumming produced by the
      compliant cable spring suspension utilized in conjunction with the
      hydrophone, and the construction of the damper is such as to minimize the
      occurrence of vibration due to water current and flow past the damper
      components.
PAR  The damper assembly in accord with the invention includes a long cylinder
      of flexible synthetic plastic film closed at each end by a check valve of
      unique configuration which permits water to enter, but not leave the tube.
      Disks having a diameter substantially greater than that of the tube are
      attached to each tube end at the check valves transversely disposed to the
      tube length to produce hydrodynamic damping and the disks are canted with
      respect to each other to minimize adverse effects produced by vortex
      shedding. An inelastic strip is affixed to the tube extending its length
      causing the tube to be warped or curved in an arc in the longitudinal
      direction minimizing rotation of the damper due to waterflow, and
      elimination of such rotation is important as rotation will aggravate the
      instability of the damper assembly in a shear current.
PAR  The disks located at the tube end are formed of synthetic plastic film and
      their shape is maintained, when deployed, by a flexible, resilient ring
      formed of a spring steel material which forms an expanded cylindrical
      configuration as soon as the damper is deployed and removed from its
      storage cannister.
PAR  Assembly of the damper is simplified by the utilization of retaining
      members defined on the check valve wherein a mechanical interconnection
      between the tube and associated disks is simultaneously achieved by the
      assembly of the check valve structure. Also, suspension means are defined
      on the check valve permitting the damper to constitute a component in the
      hydrophone suspension system.
DRWD
PAC  BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS
PAR  The aforementioned objects and advantages of the invention will be
      appreciated from the following description and accompanying drawings
      wherein:
PAR  FIG. 1 is a perspective view of a deployed sonobuoy system utilizing the
      damper of the invention,
PAR  FIG. 2 is an elevational view of the damper in accord with the invention as
      deployed,
PAR  FIG. 3 is a view taken from the right of FIG. 2,
PAR  FIG. 4 is a top plan view as taken of FIG. 2,
PAR  FIG. 5 is a cross-sectional view taken through the tube along Section V--V
      of FIG. 2,
PAR  FIG. 6 is an enlarged cross-sectional view taken through the disk and check
      valve along Section VI--VI of FIG. 4,
PAR  FIG. 7 is an enlarged cross-sectional view taken through the check valve
      rim region illustrating the retaining ring construction, and FIGS. 8
      through 10 illustrate the folding of the disk and tube for packing into
      the sonobuoy cannister.
DETD
PAC  DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERRED EMBODIMENT
PAR  FIG. 1 illustrates a deployed sonobuoy system using a damper and improved
      transducer platform for providing high quality transmission of underwater
      sound vibrations. The sonobuoy float 10 floats upon the surface of the
      water and the cannister 12 depends from the float. The cannister is of a
      hollow cylindrical configuration and prior to deployment houses the
      sonobuoy components. In those cases where the sonobuoy is dropped from
      aircraft the cannister serves to protect the transducer, damper and other
      components upon impact with the water. A cable 14 depends from the
      cannister and is attached to the upper end of the damper assembly
      generally indicated at 16. A second cable 18 depends from the lower end of
      the damper assembly and is attached to the hydrophone assembly generally
      indicated at 20. The assembly 20 includes instrumentation housing 22,
      housing 23, compliant expansion cables 24 and 26, hydrophone 28, and
      weight 30. The housing 23 and hydrophone 28 are located within a mesh tube
      32 which reduces flow noises and electrical conductors, not shown,
      interconnect the hydrophone with its transmitter housings 22 and 23 and
      the transmitter located within the cannister 12. The assembly 20
      constitutes no part of the invention and is described in detail in the
      assignee's copending application, Ser. No. 111,410, filed Feb. 1, 1971. It
      is to be understood that the purpose of the damper assembly 16 is to
      provide a stable platform for the hydrophone assembly 20 and does so in
      the manner described below.
PAR  The damper assembly 16 includes a mass cylinder 34 formed by a tube or
      sleeve of flexible synthetic plastic film of only a few thousandths of an
      inch thickness whereby the cross-sectional configuration of the tube is
      cylindrical and the tube may be concisely folded.
PAR  The ends of the tube 34 are cut at substantially right angles to the tube
      length, when deployed, and are connected to check valve structure in a
      manner later described. The check valve structure 36 is identical at each
      end of the tube and each check valve includes retaining ring members
      whereby the tube and disk members associated at each tube end may be
      mechanically connected simultaneously to the check valve.
PAR  The disks 38 are also each formed of synthetic plastic film having an upper
      layer 40 and a lower layer 42, FIG. 6. When deployed, the annular
      configuration of the disks is maintained by an annular resilient
      spring-like ring 44, and the disks are formed by a heat sealing process
      resulting in a peripheral seam 46.
PAR  Stabilizer straps 48 of plastic film are connected to each of the
      peripheries of the disks 38 at one end, and connected to the central
      region of the tube 34 at the other end, and the length of the stabilizers
      is such that the disks 38 are canted with respect to each other as will be
      apparent in FIGS. 2 and 3.
PAR  The check valve structure 36 will be appreciated from FIGS. 4, 6 and 7. As
      appreciated from FIG. 4, the check valves are of an annular configuration
      including a peripheral rim region 50. The body of the valve is formed of a
      synthetic plastic material and is of a cylindrical configuration including
      a passage 52. centrally defined therein through which water may flow into
      the tube 34. Webs 54 diametrically extend across the passage 52 and the
      inner surface 56 of the rim region serves as a valve seat for the
      resilient, flexible flap valve 58 riveted to the valve body at 60. Thus,
      it will be appreciated that water may flow through the passage 52 against
      the valve element 58 and around the valve element into the tube 34.
      However, the water may not flow from the tube in that the valve 58 seats
      against the surface 56, and that portion of the valve disposed over the
      passage 52 is supported by the webs 54.
PAR  The valves 36 are connected to the tube 34, and serve to interconnect the
      tube and disks by means of a retaining ring assembly 62 which consists of
      an outer annular ring 64 and annular inner ring 66. The ring 64 and an L
      cross-sectional configuration including a radial surface 68 for opposed
      relationship to the peripheral rim region surface 70. Also, the ring 64 is
      recessed at 72 whereby the ring 66 overlays the ring 64 to maintain the
      assembly thereof to the valve body.
PAR  The valve body peripheral rim region is provided with a conical "undercut"
      surface 74 and a radial surface 76 for cooperation with corresponding
      conical surface 78 and radial surface 80 defined upon the ring 66. The
      ring 66 is split at 82, FIG. 4, wherein once the ring 64 is positioned as
      shown in FIG. 7, the ring 66 may be inserted into the recess 72 defined by
      the ring 64 and the conical surface 74. Due to the presence of the conical
      surfaces 74 and 78 the ring 66 will be maintained in position, and thereby
      maintain the assembly of the retaining ring assembly 62 upon the valve
      body.
PAR  The tube material adjacent the tube end is disposed between the surfaces 68
      and 70, the surfaces 76 and 80 and the surfaces 74 and 78 as appreciated
      from FIG. 7. Likewise, the synthetic plastic film layers constituting the
      layers 40 and 42 of the disks 38 are disposed between the aforementioned
      surfaces as illustrated whereby compression upon the material of the tube
      and disks is maintained between the valve body and the retaining ring
      assembly to form an effective sealing mechanical connection between the
      tube, associated disk and check valve structure.
PAR  The aforementioned check valve structure constitutes the subject matter of
      the assignee's pending U.S. Pat. application, Ser. No. 145,133, filed May
      20, 1971.
PAR  An inelastic plastic strip 84 is adhered to the tube 34 throughout its
      length and electrical conductors 86, FIG. 5, are sandwiched between the
      tube 34 and the adhesive strip 84 wherein such conductors interconnect the
      hydrophone assembly 20 below the damper with the cannister 12 located
      vertically above. The disks 38 may be provided with vent holes 88, and
      loop anchors 90 formed of a reinforced fabric, FIG. 6, are defined on each
      of the valve structures 36, and affixed thereto by rivets 92, FIG. 6, to
      serve as the mounting for the suspension cables 14 and 18.
PAR  In that the tube 34 and disks 38 are formed of a highly flexible
      lightweight synthetic plastic film material it is possible to fold the
      entire damper assembly 16 in a space only slightly greater than that
      occupied by the valves 36 when stacked one upon the other. Such concise
      packaging is illustrated by the folding procedure shown in FIGS. 8 through
      10. Each of the disks may be folded as illustrated due to the resilient
      nature of the annular rings 44 wherein each ring is folded and "wound" to
      a diameter substantially equal to that of a check valve body. FIG. 10
      illustrates the configuration of the disk once the ring is folded in the
      described manner. Thereupon the tube material may be sandwiched between
      the folded disks and check valves and the damper assembly is inserted into
      the cannister 12 intermediate the float 10 and the hydrophone assembly 20.
PAR  When the cannister 12 engages the water surface, the release mechanism
      permits the assemblies 20 and 16 to deploy from the cannister. The weight
      of the assembly 20 will pull the damper assembly 16 from the cannister and
      as the assembly 16 is removed from the confines of the cannister the rings
      44 will, due to their resilient nature, "open" to form the disk
      configuration apparent in FIGS. 2 and 3. Additionally, as the damper
      assembly is pulled down through the water the water will be forced into
      the interior of the tube through the lower check valve passage 52. Any air
      trapped in the tube 34 will soon escape the tube upon wave motion causing
      an upward movement of the damper assembly wherein the upper check valve 36
      will momentarily open and permit entrapped air to be released. The mass of
      the water entrapped within the tube 34 is significant and thus a mass
      damping is achieved.
PAR  The inelastic strip 84 causes the tube to form an arc rather than a
      straight line, and the strip 84 is located at 180.degree. with respect to
      the stabilizer straps 48.
PAR  The configuration of the damper due to the presence of the inelastic strip
      84 and the canting of the disks 38 stabilizes the damper in the presence
      of a shear current in that the curved configuration employed in
      conjunction with the offsetting of the points of attachment occurring at
      the attachment rings 90 located adjacent the check valve edge regions
      minimizes rotation of the damper, and as such rotation would aggravate the
      instability of the damper in a shear current such features are of
      significance.
PAR  Additionally, vortex shedding is greatly reduced due to the presence of the
      stabilizer straps 48 and the canting of the disks. This combination
      disrupts the normal waterflow around the tube breaking up the pattern of
      vortex shedding. Thus, the damper may be used in close proximity to a
      hydrophone platform without adverse effect.
PAR  Accordingly, it will be appreciated that the damper of the assembly
      effectively produces mass, drag and hydrodynamic mass damping with the
      utilization of economically produced structure easily stowable in a
      restricted volume container. Advantageous waterflow characteristics are
      achieved wherein the damper does not introduce extraneous vibrations into
      the hydrophone suspension system, and assembly of the damper components is
      minimized due to the mechanical interconnection thereof achieved by the
      check valves 36.
PAR  It is appreciated that various modifications to the inventive concept may
      be apparent to those skilled in the art without departing from the scope
      and spirit of the invention.
CLMS
STM  I claim:
NUM  1.
PAR  1. A hydrophone damper assembly comprising, in combination, an elongated
      tube of flexible material having first and second ends, a check valve
      attached to each tube end and sealing the associated end, said check
      valves permitting water to enter the tube and preventing water egress, and
      attachment means associated with said tube for attaching hydrophone
      structure thereto.
NUM  2.
PAR  2. In a hydrophone damper assembly as in claim 1 wherein said attachment
      means is mounted upon at least one of said check valves.
NUM  3.
PAR  3. In a hydrophone damper assembly as in claim 1 wherein said tube is
      formed of a synthetic plastic film.
NUM  4.
PAR  4. In a hydrophone damper assembly as in claim 1, a disk attached to said
      tube, said disk having a generally flat planar configuration and
      transversely related to the length of said tube and having a diameter
      greater than the diameter of said tube.
NUM  5.
PAR  5. In a hydrophone damper assembly as in claim 4 wherein said disk is
      affixed to said tube adjacent one of said ends.
NUM  6.
PAR  6. In a hydrophone damper assembly as in claim 5 wherein a disk is attached
      to each end of said tube.
NUM  7.
PAR  7. In a hydrophone damper assembly as in claim 5 wherein said check valves
      include tube and disk mounting means, said valve at said one tube end
      attaching said disk to said tube.
NUM  8.
PAR  8. A hydrophone damper assembly comprising, in combination, an elongated
      tube of flexible material having first and second ends, a check valve
      affixed to each tube end and closing the associated end permitting water
      to enter the tube and preventing water egress therefrom, a substantially
      flat disk member affixed to said tube adjacent each end whereby the
      general plane of said disks is transversely disposed to the tube length,
      and attachment means mounted upon said tube adjacent said ends for
      attaching hydrophone structure thereto.
NUM  9.
PAR  9. In a hydrophone assembly as in claim 8 wherein said tube and disks are
      formed of a synthetic plastic film, each of said disks including a
      deformable resilient ring forming and maintaining the disk periphery.
NUM  10.
PAR  10. In a hydrophone damper assembly as in claim 9 wherein said check valves
      include film retaining means, said film retaining means interconnecting
      and maintaining the assembly of the associated tube end, disk and check
      valve.
NUM  11.
PAR  11. In a hydrophone damper assembly as in claim 8, disk orientation means
      interposed between said disks and said tube obliquely angularly orienting
      the plane of said disks to the length of said tube.
NUM  12.
PAR  12. In a hydrophone damper assembly as in claim 11 wherein said tube is of
      a curved configuration relative to its length. .Iadd. 13. A hydrophone
      damper comprising, in combination, an envelope of flexible material, a
      check valve defined in said envelope directly communicating with the
      environment surrounding said envelope, said check valve permitting water
      to directly enter the envelope whereby said envelope confines the water
      therein and preventing said water from leaving said envelope, and
      attachment means associated with said envelope for attaching hydrophone
      structure thereto. .Iaddend. .Iadd. 14. In a hydrophone damper assembly as
      in claim 13 wherein said envelope comprises a tube having first and second
      ends, and said check valve is located in one of said ends. .Iaddend.
      .Iadd. 15. In a hydrophone damper assembly as in claim 13 wherein said
      envelope comprises a tube having first and second ends, a disk attached to
      said tube adjacent at least one of said ends, said disk having a generally
      flat planar configuration and transversely related to the length of said
      tube and having a diameter greater than the diameter of said tube.
      .Iaddend. .Iadd. 16. In a hydrophone damper assembly as in claim 15
      wherein said disk is formed of a flexible synthetic plastic film and has a
      generally circular periphery, an annular resilient spring element within
      said disk engaging the periphery thereof and having a normal expanded
      circular configuration, said element capable of being twisted and folded
      into a plurality of loops of a dimension less than said elements' normal
      expanded configuration and expanding into its normal configuration when
      unrestrained. .Iaddend. .Iadd. 17. In a hydrophone damper as in claim 13,
      said envelope having an elongated tubular configuration and an inflated
      cylindrical transverse cross-sectional configuration, said check valve
      having a flat configuration having a circular diameter substantially
      corresponding to the inflated diameter of said envelope. .Iaddend. .Iadd.
      18. A hydrophone damper comprising, in combination, an envelope of
      flexible material having first and second ends, a check valve defined in
      one of said envelope ends directly communicating with the environment
      surrounding said envelope, said check valve permitting water to directly
      enter the envelope whereby said envelope confines the water therein and
      preventing water from leaving said envelope, and attachment means
      associated with said envelope for attaching hydrophone structure thereto.
      .Iaddend.
PATN
WKU  RE0286729
SRC  5
APN  5475732
APT  2
PBL  E
ART  353
APD  19750206
TTL  Pliable tape structure
ISD  19760106
NCL  25
ECL  1
EXP  Larkin; Geo. V.
NDR  5
NFG  34
INVT
NAM  Wakeman; Alfred W.
STR  Madison Road
CTY  Durham
STA  CT
ZIP  06422
REIS
COD  50
APN  159796
APD  19710706
PNO  03751760
ISD  19730814
CLAS
OCL   16150
XCL  281 375
EDF  2
ICL  E05D  700
FSC   16
FSS  150
FSC  220
FSS  30;32
FSC  229
FSS  44
FSC  248
FSS  205 A
FSC  281
FSS  37.5;40;41;21 R;22
UREF
PNO  1843170
ISD  19320200
NAM  Meldrim
OCL   16150
UREF
PNO  2611659
ISD  19520900
NAM  Hadley
OCL   16150
UREF
PNO  3279473
ISD  19691000
NAM  Toman
OCL   16150
UREF
PNO  3442415
ISD  19690500
NAM  Glass
OCL   16150
UREF
PNO  3851353
ISD  19741200
NAM  Wakeman
OCL   16150
FREF
PNO  970,771
ISD  19640900
CNT  UK
OCL   16150X
FREF
PNO  1,099,154
ISD  19550800
CNT  FR
OCL   16150X
LREP
FRM  St. Onge Mayers Steward & Reens
ABST
PAL  A flexible longitudinally continuous tape construction is disclosed for use
      in joining mating edges of juxtaposed members, the tape having an X-like
      configuration transversely of its length to provide legs adapted to
      receive and be secured to the edges of the members to be joined. The tape
      is capable of serving as a pliable hinge to permit articulation of the
      joined members, or it may also serve simply as a binding for joining
      members intended to be fixed relative to each other. The tape construction
      combines longitudinally continuous marginal web portions or carriers,
      forming the extremities of the legs of the X, with longitudinally spaced
      strand or equivalent connector means running crosswise of and
      interconnecting pairs of marginal web portions. The connector means
      intersect and interlock forming the axis of the X-like configuration.
PARN
PAC  CROSS REFERENCE TO RELATED APPLICATIONS
PAR  This application is a continuation-in-part of my prior copending
      application Ser. No. 859,619, filed Sept. 22, 1969 .[...]. .Iadd.now
      abandoned..Iaddend.
BSUM
PAC  1. Field of the Invention
PAR  This invention pertains to continuous length, pliable tape structures
      useful in joining mating edges of adjacent members for making rigid or
      hinged connection between such members.
PAC  2. Prior Art Background
PAR  The limiting strength of conventional hinged or jointed structures
      utilizing sheet or panel members to form the structure is the ability of
      such members to carry localized stresses at points of attachment. There
      has accordingly existed for some time a need for better means of joining
      the edges of materials having relatively low resistance to localized
      loading stresses, such as the imposed by rivets screws, spot welding and
      the like. Sheet or panel materials which are particularly involved include
      formed plastic sheet, foamed
      .[.core/stressed.]..Iadd.core-stressed.Iaddend.skin laminates, corrugated
      board, chipboard, felt laminates and similar light weight, low cost but
      easily rupturable stock which is commonly used in fabricating containers
      or other vessels, display structures, protective table pads, folio covers,
      etc.
PAR  Various tape constructions for joining mating edges of such materials have
      been advanced heretofore. A common arrangement is illustrated in Pats.
      Nos. 589,504, 1,260,197, 1,833,469 and 3,035,752 where the junction is
      formed by fabric or paper strips or tabs which are simply glued to the
      faces of the members to be joined. One particular difficulty with these
      arrangements is their poor resistance to peeling of the tabs from the
      faces of the joined members when forces are applied tending to move the
      members bodily relative to each other. Another form is illustrated in U.S.
      Pats. Nos. Re. 18,204, 1,998,036, 2,025,926, and 3,442,415. This form of
      joint-forming tape is characterized generally by the employment of two,
      coextending tapes which are stitched together along their center lines to
      form an X-like configuration in cross section. The legs of the X are then
      glued or otherwise secured to the margins of the members to be joined.
      This represents an improvement over flat tape but the stitching, falling
      as it must at the axis of the hinge, weakens the structure at its most
      critical location. Still another approach used for hingedly joining
      members is represented by the constructions shown in Pats. Nos. 46,071,
      570,365 and 2,219,524. The arrangements there shown are not longitudinally
      continuous of the joined edges, so that a plurality of separate hinges
      must be used; and their attachment to the members to be joined presents
      problems. Molded plastic hinges of the type illustrated in Pats. Nos.
      3,202,310 and 3,301,430 are designed to provide a continuous joint along
      the mating edges, but here again a problem is encountered in providing
      suitable means for securing such joint-forming constructions to the panel
      members.
PAC  SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION
PAR  The present invention provides a pliable tape structure which can be
      manufactured in continuous lengths and easily cut to any desired length
      for application to the members to be joined, much the same as ordinary
      pressure-sensitive tape is applied to a surface but which avoids the
      short-comings of prior tape arrangements discussed above. The novel tape
      structure is designed to take advantage of the highest tensile
      strength-to-weight ratio of any material form, namely that of the
      filament. The invention applies this high strength property to hinges or
      joint-forming tape without creating localized stress points in the
      resulting structure, as the tape configuration puts the entire attachment
      area (glue or other bonding agent) in shear only and eliminates peel
      forces.
PAR  As mentioned, the novel tape may serve to join both articulated and
      non-articulated members and one of the principal objectives of the
      invention is to provide a hinge or joint-forming tape structure which
      affords uniform distribution of attachment stress over as large an area as
      practical of the members which it is desired to join, thereby avoiding
      localized or concentrated stresses at points of attachment, while
      minimizing susceptibility to peeling. In this way, advantage can be taken
      of materials of low cost but stress-oriented nature, such as paperboard,
      expanded or foamed plastic, etc., for use as basic structural members,
      without the need and attendant expense of special reinforcement or
      auxiliary construction at the point of attachment. The invention makes
      possible better application of maximum material properties to achieve
      great strength-to-weight ratios in joined structures.
PAR  Other objectives include greater ease of application of the tape to members
      to be joined, and provision for specialized engineering applications, such
      as that involved in rolling hinges or in hingedly joining members whose
      mating edges are curved.
PAR  Use of the novel tapes for purposes other than hinging applications is of
      advantage where members to be secured together are subjected to loading or
      other forces tending to shift one member bodily relative to the other. The
      invention enables loadbearing structures such as display stands, mock-ups
      of prototype equipment, cartons or containers of various configurations,
      to be made of relatively low strength sheet stock. By joining members or
      sections of these devices with tape of the design herein disclosed, the
      inadequacy in peel strength of conventional pressure-sensitive adhesive or
      mending tape is largely overcome.
PAR  In accordance with the teaching herein, engineering advantage is taken of
      inherent tensile strength in pliable fabric, strand or sheet materials,
      when used in the tape configurations disclosed, to form continuous length
      tape structures which are easily applied to the members to be joined, and
      which distribute the attachment stresses uniformly over the adjacent edges
      of joined members, thereby reducing the chance for failure of the
      materials at such locations.
PAR  Briefly, the tape structures of the invention are comprised generally of
      two essential sets of elements. One set of elements consists of pliable
      strands, or equivalent connector means, disposed to run transversely of
      the joint to be formed. The other set of elements consists of pliable web
      portions or carriers disposed to run longitudinally of the joint to be
      formed. Each transverse strand or connector element interconnects two of
      the longitudinal web portions and serve to support load stresses purely in
      tension, i.e. the maximum strength property of the strand. At least some
      of the cross strands alternate with .[.the.]. .Iadd.and .Iaddend.intersect
      other such strands along the axis of the tape, forming an X-like
      configuration in cross-section of the tape. Adhesive is applied to the
      confronting faces of legs in two transversely oriented quadrants of the X
      for bonding the tape to the margins of the members to be joined, whereby
      the margins are clamped between adjacent legs in quadrants of the X-like
      tape on opposite sides of the tape axis.
PAR  Various embodiments of this basic combination and modifications thereof are
      illustrated in the accompanying drawings and are described hereinafter.
DRWD
PAC  DESCRIPTION OF DRAWINGS
PAR  FIG. 1 is a perspective view showing a portion of a preferred form of tape
      structure embodying the invention;
PAR  FIG. 2 is a fragmentary elevational view in perspective showing one method
      of forming the finished tape of FIG. 1;
PAR  FIG. 3 is a view in cross-section on line 3--3 of FIG. 2;
PAR  FIG. 4 is a cross-sectional view similar to FIG. 3, showing rearrangement
      of the tape upon removal from the forming mandrels seen in FIG. 2;
PAR  FIG. 5 is a cross-section similar to FIG. 3, showing an arrangement for
      fabricating a number of tapes simultaneously;
PAR  FIG. 6 is a cross-sectional view of another arrangement for forming
      multiple tapes;
PAR  FIGS. 7-12 are fragmentary cross-sectional views of different types of
      hinged members and hinging arrangements using the tape of FIG. 1;
PAR  FIG. 13 is a fragmentary cross-sectional view of hinged members employing a
      modified type of tape hinge;
PAR  FIG. 14 is a fragmentary view of a jig structure illustrating the formation
      of a tape hinge of the type shown in FIG. 13;
PAR  FIG. 15 is a fragmentary cross-sectional view of another form of tape hinge
      construction;
PAR  FIG. 16 is a view similar to that of FIG. 14 illustrating a manner of
      forming the tape hinge of FIG. 15;
PAR  FIGS. 17 and 18 are fragmentary views of additional tape hinge
      constructions;
PAR  FIGS. 19 and 19A are perspective views of tape structures similar to FIG. 1
      but employing multiply grouped strands or strips crossing on the bias;
PAR  FIG. 20 is a perspective view of a tape structure similar to FIG. 1 but
      incorporating pressure-sensitive adhesive and protective release strips;
PAR  FIG. 21 illustrates the manner of applying the tape of FIG. 20 to one
      member which is to be joined to another;
PAR  FIG. 22 is a fragmentary perspective view of an integrally woven tape
      structure incorporating the invention;
PAR  FIG. 23 is a cross-sectional view of a woven structure from which tapes of
      the form shown in FIG. 22 are cut;
PAR  FIG. 24 is a perspective view of another form of tape incorporating the
      invention, in which the manner of forming the tape is illustrated;
PAR  FIG. 25 is a cross-sectional view of the finished tape seen in FIG. 24;
PAR  FIG. 26 illustrates still another form of tape embodying the invention, and
      a means of fabricating such tape;
PAR  FIG. 27 is a cross-sectional view of the finished tape of FIG. 26;
PAR  FIG. 28 is an enlarged, fragmentary view of the tape structure of FIG. 26;
PAR  FIG. 29 is a perspective view of another form of tape and a method of
      making it;
PAR  FIGS. 30 and 31 are cross-sectional views of the tape of FIG. 29 in
      partially completed and fully completed condition;
PAR  FIG. 32 is a broken view in perspective elevation of a foamed core/stressed
      skin panel member having a curved edge with a tape secured along such
      edge; and
PAR  FIG. 33 is a similar view showing a pair of curved-edge members of FIG. 32
      joined by the tape.
DETD
PAC  DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERRED EMBODIMENTS
PAR  Tape structure 20 illustrated in FIG. 1 is composed of alternating runs of
      intersecting flexible strands 22 producing an X-configuration, and carrier
      strips 24 running lengthwise of the tape axis in transversely opposite
      quadrants of the X. Each of carrier strips 24 is folded lengthwise at 25
      and extends continuously between adjacent legs in each of two opposite
      quadrants of the X. Each of strands 22 is secured at its opposite or
      cross-axis ends to margins of opposite carrier strips 24 by suitable
      adhesive. Collectively the strands in each opposite pair of legs of the X
      form a mat in conjunction with the associated carrier strips. In order to
      allow free intersection and lateral cross-over of the strands at the tape
      axis, the carrier strips are positioned to dispose their fold lines 25
      slightly outwardly of the tape axis.
PAR  As will be more fully described presently, tape 20 is adapted to be applied
      along the mating edges of two members to be joined. To this end the edges
      of the members are received between adjacent tape legs in transversely
      opposite quadrants of the X-configuration, and adhesive is applied to the
      confronting faces of such legs to bond them to the margins or edges of the
      members. It is apparent that the members to be joined may be received in
      either of the two different sets of opposed quadrants of the tape. Where
      the members are received in the quadrants in which the carrier strips 24
      are located, the carrier strips serve as barriers to prevent glue or other
      adhesive working into the axis of the tape. That is important where the
      tape is used as a hinged connection between members, since glue in the
      axis will impair the freedom of the hinging action of the connecting
      strands 22. Also the carrier strips serve in such case to prevent wear of
      the strands on a rough or sharp edge of the hinged member. In cases where
      the tape is employed simply for joining non-articulated members, these
      considerations are not so important; in fact it may even be of advantage
      to use the alternate set of quadrants so that direct glued contact of the
      strands 22 to the members being joined is obtained.
PAR  In the preferred construction shown in FIG. 1, hinge 20 is intended to be
      quite flexible so that it may be easily applied in a manner similar to
      that in which ordinary pressure-sensitive tape is applied to a surface.
      For that reason both the carrier strip 24 and the transverse strands 22
      are of pliable material. Typically useful materials for the carrier strips
      include paper, more especially craft or crepe paper, woven textile webbing
      or light plastic film or tape. In fact various types of presently
      available commercial pressure-sensitive masking tape can conveniently be
      used for the carrier strip. Strands 22 may be multifilament textile
      threads or cords, natural or synthetic, as well as monofilament strands of
      organic or inorganic, e.g. metallic, material.
PAR  In FIGS. 2-4 a method is illustrated for handfabrication of tape of the
      type shown in FIG. 1. To this end there is provided a pair of elongated
      flat mandrels 34 suitably supported in edgewise spaced parallel relation.
      Cord 36 is wound about the mandrels in figure-8  manner to form the mat of
      strands 22 comprising the connector elements of the completed hinge.
      Pressure-sensitive tape is then applied over the cord on opposite faces of
      the mandrels to secure all of the courses or runs of the cord in fixed
      position relative to each other. A knife or other sharp instrument is then
      used to sever the terminal bends of each convolution of the cord where is
      passes around the outer edges of mandrels 34, cutting along plane c--c as
      shown in FIG. 3. The preliminary tape hinge assembly may then be easily
      slipped off the mandrels. The legs of the tape hinge are then folded into
      reverse relationship from that in which they are formed on the mandrels,
      to the position shown in FIG. 4, so that the margins of each strip 24 are
      placed in back-to-back relation.
PAR  Methods suitable for commerical production of the tape are shown in FIGS. 5
      and 6 in which a plurality of mandrels 34 is employed and cord is woven
      continuously about these to build up a wide mat of any desired length. In
      FIG. 5, the opposite faces of this mat are then covered with sheets 36 of
      paper, cloth, plastic film or the like, which are glued or otherwise
      bonded to the cord. The finished mat is then cut by suitable slitting
      knives (not shown) advanced against and along the opposite faces of the
      mandrels, the knives being spaced on the center lines a--a of mandrels 34
      to slit the composite mat lenthwise of the mandrels and form a plurality
      of separate ribbons or tapes. These are removed from the mandrels, as in
      FIG. 4. FIG. 6 illustrates a similar method of manufacture but in this
      case each mandrel 34 is first faced or wound with the material which will
      serve as the carrier strips, and then the cord is woven about the mandrels
      in figure-8  manner as before. Alternatively, the tape can be woven
      without the mandrels, using the carrier strips as the warp elements for
      the cross strands.
PAR  The tape hinge can be applied to the edges of the members to be joined
      using either set of diametrically opposed hinge quadrants for receiving
      and securing the members. Also various types of hinge arrangements can be
      accommodated. This is illustrated in FIGS. 7 through 12 of the drawings.
      In each of these illustrations the members to be joined are received in
      the tape quadrants which do not contain carrier strips 24. For some
      applications. this has an advantage, as can be seen by reference to FIG.
      7. Any tendency of strands 22 to peel away from the surface of the hinged
      member A or B to which they are bonded is resisted by the interpositioning
      of the carrier strips 24. That is, strands 22 must cut through the
      interposed carrier strip if forces are applied to members A and B tending
      to separate them bodily.
PAR  In FIG. 8, hinge 20 connects a relatively thick member C to a flat surface
      D to permit swinging of member C through an arc of 90.degree.. In FIG. 9,
      member E is hinged to the flat surface D for swinging movement through an
      arc of 180.degree.. In this illustration, member E is relatively thin and
      the legs of hinge 20 are secured to it along opposite margins of the faces
      rather than along one edge and the adjacent face as is necessary with a
      thick member.
PAR  FIGS. 10 and 11 also illustrate rolling hinges, the one in FIG. 10
      providing for 180.degree. arcuate movement between the hinged members F
      and G, while FIG. 11 illustrates a hinge permitting 360.degree. arc of
      movement for member I relative to member H. For this application, a
      centrally more open type of hinge is necessary. This can be readily
      provided simply by increasing the distance between the mandrels 34 in
      forming the hinge.
PAR  Further strengthening of the attachment of the hinge to the hinged members
      can be provided, as shown in FIG. 12, by applying and bonding overlying
      tapes 46 on one or both pairs of hinge legs.
PAR  For maximum strength in preventing separation of the hinged members at
      their limiting position of arcuate movement, a hinge structure such as
      that shown in FIG. 13 is useful. In this example, hinge 50 is generally
      similar to previously described hinge 20 except that some of the strands,
      while extending transversely of the hinge axis, do not cross laterally
      from one side to another in a given run of such strand; that is, such
      strands start and end on the same lateral side of the axis in that run.
      This is illustrated more particularly in FIG. 14 showing a method of
      constructing hinge 50 of FIG. 13. As before, a jig is used providing
      spaced mandrels 34, and a length of cord 36 is wrapped about the mandrels
      to form the strand runs. For clarity of illustration, the runs are shown
      in spread condition in the drawing but they would normally be closely
      spaced in actual practice. In this example, cord 36 is wound about the
      mandrels in alternate courses or runs, first with a figure-8
      configuration in which strands 52 laterally cross the hinge axis
      intermediate the mandrels. In the next course the strands 54 are wound so
      as to pass completely around the outside of both mandrels without crossing
      between the mandrels. In other words, while strands 52 in transversly
      crossing the axis of the hinge move laterally from one side to the other
      of the mandrels, alternate strands 54 remain on the same lateral side of
      the mandrels.
PAR  In the resulting hinge construction illustrated in FIG. 13, (after applying
      carrier strips 24, cutting the terminal bends of the strands to release
      the hinge from the jig and applying the hinge to members A and B), each
      strand 54 extends directly across the hinge axis from one member to the
      other in the limiting position of the hinged members as shown. Such
      strands are thus in straight tension, providing maximum resistance to
      separation of the hinged members and to any tendency toward peeling of the
      intermediate strands 52 from margins of the hinged members. In the
      alternate limiting position of members A and B, strands 52 extend straight
      across the hinge axis and provide resistance to separation.
PAR  FIGS. 15 and 16 illustrate a further modification of the preceding example.
      In this example hinge 60 .[.incorporporates.]. .Iadd.incorporates
      .Iaddend.an interlocking or overlapping of the strands at the hinge axis.
      This is accomplished by winding cord 36 about mandrels 34 with a twist at
      each run, forming a series of interlocking clove hitches as shown in FIG.
      16. It will be noted from the drawing however that although each strand 62
      or 64 in any given run from one mandrel 34 to the other is positioned on
      the same lateral side of both mandrels, the strand is laterally displaced
      intermediate the mandrels by intersection with and overlapping of the
      strand of the correspondingly opposite run on the other side of the
      mandrels. The hinge 60 which results thus puts on strand in straight
      tension, e.g. strand 64 in FIG. 15, in the hinged structure.
PAR  Another method of forming tape hinges of the invention is illustrated in
      FIGS. 17 and 18 wherein the cord used in forming the transverse strands is
      not cut or severed as in the previous examples. In both of these
      illustrations the carrier strips consist of pressure-sensitive tapes 72,
      74 and the hinged structure is formed using two pairs of the tape strips
      in back-to-back relation, one pair on either side transversely of the
      hinge axis and each pair having the inner edges spaced from the other a
      distance sufficient to permit passage of the strands between the paired
      strips in passing from one lateral face to the other.
PAR  In forming this type of hinge structure, two separate lengths of cord 36
      are required. In FIG. 17, the two lengths are interwoven or interlocked
      intermediate the loop portions 76, 78 which are adhered to the faces of
      the strips. In FIG. 18 the arrangement is essentially the same but does
      not embody interlocking of the two strands within each loop.
PAR  Multiple cords are used in forming tape 80 also, as seen in FIG. 19. This
      tape can be formed as described in connection with FIGS. 1-4, except that
      instead of using a single strand of cord to form the runs, a group 82 of
      parallel cords is woven about the mandrels. The number of cords in the
      group will determine the angle or bias of the group in respect to the axis
      of the X; the greater the number of cords, the greater the bias angle.
PAR  A similar arrangement is shown in FIG. 19A where again a plurality of cords
      is wound simultaneously as above, but in this case the cords .[.were.].
      .Iadd.are .Iaddend.wound about a series of mandrels, as in FIG. 5.
      Depending on the width of the composite group of mandrels, each run of
      grouped cords 92 will cross the tape axis at little or no bias in
      connecting carriers 24. In place of the grouped cords, webbing or tape of
      various sorts can be used to provide equivalent connector means.
PAR  Attachment of the finished tape product to the members to be joined is
      facilitated by incorporating pressure-sensitive adhesive with the tape, as
      produced, so that it is self-containined ready for application as
      purchased. FIG. 20 illustrates such an arrangement. The basic tape
      structure is the same as that shown in FIG. 1, but in this case tape 120
      includes bands of pressure-sensitive adhesive 102 extending lengthwise of
      the tape on confronting faces of the carrier strips 124 in opposite
      quadrants of the X. In the preferred construction, adhesive 102 does not
      extend into the center of carriers 124, but is confined to the margins of
      the tape. Temporary protection in the form of peel or release strips 104
      are applied over the adhesive, the strips being made wider than the bands
      on adhesive so as to overlap at the inner edge and provide a convenient
      free tab 106 by which to start the peeling off of strips 104 when the tape
      is to be applied to members to joined.
PAR  In attaching the tape, one release strip is first completely stripped from
      one leg and that leg is pressed along an edge of the member to be joined.
      See FIG. 21. The adjacent leg of the tape is lifted to get access to free
      tab 106 of its release strip 104 which is then peeled back at 90.degree.
      to the tape axis. As this strip 104 is pulled, it releases next to the X
      axis first and then diagonally outwardly across the face of tape 120,
      pulling it firmly against the edge of the member to which it is being
      attached. This leg of the tape is simultaneously pressed into contact with
      the face of the member and the process is repeated in securing the other
      two legs of the tape to the opposite member.
PAR  The arrangement not only facilitates the attachment process, providing a
      smooth, tight surface contact between the tape and members but aids in
      getting alignment of the tape axis and the abutting edges of the members,
      even if there is some initial misalignment due to improper starting
      placement of the tape. By pulling the release strip in the manner
      discussed, the tape is made to lie straight and its natural axis is caused
      to conform closely with the edge of the member to which it is attached so
      as to produce a rigid axis in the finished structure. In speaking of
      "natural axis" above, this is intended to mean not so much the axis
      defined by the crossing strands in the tape as it exists before
      application to the edges of the numbers to be formed, but rather to that
      axis defined by the crossing strands as this is developed upon securing
      the tape to the members to be joined. The two conditions are identical in
      the case of a perfectly applied tape to prefectly straight, aligned edges
      of members to be joined. But such ideal condition seldom exists in
      practice, and it is one of the virtues of the novel tape that such perfect
      condition need not exist, because the tape will align itself to
      accommodate irregularity of the edge and/or inexact application to those
      edges, without resulting in a loose or wobbly hinged joint. This feature
      arises inherently from the tape construction wherein the flexible
      connector strands, in crossing between web portions to which their ends
      are connected, are free to shift relative to each other, within of course
      the limits of their points of connection to the longitudinal web portions.
PAR  Still another form of tape is shown in FIG. 22. Tape 220 is woven on a
      suitable loom to produce an integral structure in which weft threads 222
      of the webbing form the cross-connectors for marginal or selvage portions
      produced by interweaving threads 222 with longitudinal or warp threads
      223. Separate carrier members are accordingly not required in this
      arrangement. Selfsticking adhesive and protective peel strips can of
      course be incorporated in this form of tape, similar to that, described
      above. Tape 220 can be produced initially in multiple widths, as shown in
      FIG. 23, by a process similar to that described in connection with FIG. 5,
      but without using mandrels and slit on lines b--b to produce separate
      tapes.
PAR  Yet another form of the invention is illustrated in FIGS. 24 and 25 where a
      continuous strip 302 of paper or sheet plastic is slit in sinusoidal
      manner along its longitudinal axis to produce complementary left and right
      strips or marginal portions 304, 306 having mutually projecting fingers
      308. These strips are then pressed laterally together to cause them to
      intermesh, with the fingers 308 of one overlapping the respective marginal
      portion 304 or 306 of the other. An imperforate strip 310 is then applied
      to the intermeshed and overlapped first members 304, 306, and bonded by
      gluing or welding to the tips of the fingers of those members. Strip 310
      is creased longitudinally, causing the free edges of the members to
      separate and form the X-like tape 320, as seen in FIG. 25.
PAR  FIGS. 26 and 27 show another tape structure 420 incorporating the
      invention. In this case two strips 402, 406 of suitable sheet stock are
      slit longitudinally along a central sinusoidal line to produce left and
      right marginal portions 401, 403 and 405, 407, all having teeth 408.
      Strips 402 and 406 are brought together in such manner that the teeth of
      one are out of phase, longitudinally of the tape, with those of the other
      so that the peaks of the teeth overlap. The overlapped peaks are glued or
      otherwise bonded together at 410, and the marginal portions separated to
      form the X-like configuration, as seen in cross-section in FIG. 27.
      Preferably the marginal halves of each strip 402, 406 are first laterally
      separated, as seen on enlarged scale in FIG. 28, before the overlapping
      teeth 408 are bonded together. This provides more freedom and reduces
      binding along the axis of the tape. Again, the marginal web portions may
      have a band of self-sticking adhesive 412, by which to secure the tape to
      the edges of the members to be joined, in which case a release or peel
      strip 414 is provided to protect the adhesion areas until the tape is to
      be used.
PAR  In FIGS. 29 to 31, a tape 520 is formed by joining two strips 502, 504 by
      welding or gluing along a central portion or band 506, and then cutting a
      series of slots 508 across band 506, spaced longitudinally along the tape.
      Next, each strip 502, 504 is slit at 510, 512, respectively,
      longitudinally between slots 508 at alternate ends of adjacent slots.
      Slits 510, 512 are also alternated in the confronting strips 502, 504
      along the tape so as not to coincide at any point. Separating the legs or
      marginal portions of strips 502, 504 results in an X-shaped tape section,
      as shown in FIGS. 30 and 31.
PAR  Application of tape to curved edges of members is illustrated in FIGS. 32
      and 33. In FIG. 32 a semiflexible member 602 has a curved edge 604 which
      is to be joined to a similar curved edge of panel member 606 (see FIG.
      33). Tape 620 of the construction shown in FIG. 20 is used but to
      facilitate obtaining a smooth fit of the tape to the curved edge, the
      carrier strip members 624 of tape 620 are preferably formed of crepe paper
      to permit some stretching of the tape during application. When the free
      edges of members 602 are separated, after curved edges 604 are joined, a
      geodesic structure is obtained as seen in FIG. 33. Any slight longitudinal
      accommodation necessary along curved edge 604 as the structure is
      .[.foRmed.]. .Iadd.formed .Iaddend.is readily permitted by the elasticity
      of tape 620. FIG. 33 also illustrates the use of light weight, low cost
      laminated, foamed or .[.honey combed.]. .Iadd.honeycombed
      .Iaddend.core/stressed skin panels to form geometric structures, where the
      panels will not resist highly localized loads imposed by the use of rivets
      or screws as fastening means. Ordinary flat tape if used in such a
      construction may overcome the problem of localized attachment stress, but
      is .[.partIcularly.]. .Iadd.particularly .Iaddend.vulnerable to peeling
      forces in the situation here illustrated.
CLMS
STM  What is claimed is:
NUM  1.
PAR  1. A flexible tape for joining mating edges of adjacent members,
PA1  said tape having an X-like configuration in cross section and providing a
      longitudinally continuous structure adapted to extend along and be secured
      to the edges of the members to be joined so that the axis of said X-like
      configuration coincides generally with the juncture formed by the members
      to be joined, said tape comprising
PA1  carrier strip means comprising pliable, longitudinally continuous, marginal
      web portions at the extremities of the legs of the X; and
PA1  flexible, spaced, connector means running crosswise of and .[.being
      secured.]. .Iadd.bonded .Iaddend.to and interconnecting pairs of web
      portions, at least some of said connector means intersecting and crossing
      other connector means to form said X-like configuration .[...]. .Iadd.,
      said flexible connector means in crossing between said web portions being
      free to shift relative to each other within the limits defined by their
      points of connection to the respective longitudinal web portions..Iaddend.
NUM  2.
PAR  2. A flexible tape as defined in claim 1, wherein at least some of said
      connector means join pairs of transversely opposite web portions.
NUM  3.
PAR  3. A flexible tape as defined in claim 2, wherein said carrier strip means
      extends continuously between adjacent legs in each of two opposite
      quadrants of the X-like configuration.
NUM  4.
PAR  4. A flexible tape as defined in claim .[.3.]. .Iadd.23, .Iaddend.wherein
      said adhesive is of the pressure-sensitive type and is confined to the
      outer margins of confronting faces of said carrier strip means, said tape
      further including temporary protective release strips covering said
      adhesive but peelable therefrom to expose said adhesive when said tape is
      applied to the members to be joined.
NUM  5.
PAR  5. A flexible tape as defined in claim 4, wherein the protective release
      strips overlap the inner margins of the adhesive to provide free tabs
      along such margins.
NUM  6.
PAR  6. A flexible tape as defined in claim 1, wherein said connector means are
      biased longitudinally of the tape axis.
NUM  7.
PAR  7. A flexible tape as defined in claim 1, wherein said connector means
      comprise alternately crossing flexible strands.
NUM  8.
PAR  8. A flexible tape as defined in claim 1, wherein said connector means
      comprise alternately crossing groups of strands.
NUM  9.
PAR  9. A flexible, continuous tape hinge for application along adjacent edges
      of members to be hingedly joined, said hinge have an X-like configuration
      in cross section and said hinge comprising
PA1  carrier strip means of pliable sheet material running lengthwise of the
      hinge on transversely opposite sides of its axis; and
PA1  flexible strands running crosswise of said axis and carrier strip means,
      each strand having its cross-axis ends secured to faces of opposed carrier
      strip portions, at least some of said strands intersecting and crossing
      over other of said strands to form the hinge axis at their intersection.
NUM  10.
PAR  10. A tape hinge as defined in claim 9, wherein the carrier strip portions
      are disposed in transversely opposed quadrants of the X-like
      configuration.
NUM  11.
PAR  11. A tape hinge as defined in claim 9, wherein the carrier strip portions
      in each quadrant are integrally joined along the hinge axis.
NUM  12.
PAR  12. A tape hinge as defined in claim 10, which further includes
      pressure-sensitive adhesive on the confronting faces of the legs of the
      X-like configuration in transversely related quadrants.
NUM  13.
PAR  13. A tape hinge as defined in claim 12, wherein said adhesive coating is
      located on confronting faces of said carrier strips.
NUM  14.
PAR  14. A tape hinge as defined in claim 12, which further includes flexible
      release strips covering said adhesive coating but peelable therefrom to
      expose said adhesive upon application of the hinge to members to be
      hingedly joined.
NUM  15.
PAR  15. A tape hinge as defined in claim 9, wherein each of said flexible
      strands running crosswise of said axis and carrier strip means has its
      cross-axis ends secured to faces of said carrier strip means over a
      substantial portion of the width thereof.
NUM  16.
PAR  16. A tape hinge as defined in claim 15, which further includes
      pressure-sensitive adhesive coating on at elast one tape face on each side
      of the hinge axis.
NUM  17.
PAR  17. A tape hinge as defined in claim 16, wherein said pressure-sensitive
      adhesive coating is disposed on confronting faces of the legs of the
      X-like configuration in transversely related quadrants, said tape further
      including flexible release strips covering said adhesive coating but
      peelable therefrom to expose said adhesive upon application of the hinge
      to members to be hingedly joined.
NUM  18.
PAR  18. A tape hinge as defined in claim 9, wherein the carrier strip portions
      are disposed in diametrically opposed quadrants of the X-like
      configuration and the strip portions in each quadrant are integrally
      joined along the hinge axis.
NUM  19.
PAR  19. A flexible tape for joining mating edges of adjacent members,
PA1  said tape having an X-like configuration in crosssection and providing a
      longitudinally continuous structure adapted to extend along and be secured
      to the edges of members to be joined so that the axis of said X-like
      configuration coincides generally with the juncture formed by the members
      to be joined, said tape comprising
PA1  pliable longitudinally continuous carrier .[.strips.]. .Iadd.means
      .Iaddend.forming the extremities of the legs of the X .[.in transversely
      opposite quadrants of the X.].; and
PA1  flexible, spaced, connector means running crosswise of and interconnecting
      .[.marginal portions of.]. opposite carrier .[.strips.]. .Iadd.means, all
      of .Iaddend.said connector means intersecting and crossing .[.each
      other.]. alternately to .Iadd.join diagonally opposite carrier means and
      .Iaddend.form said X-like configuration.
NUM  20.
PAR  20. A flexible tape as defined in claim 19, wherein said carrier
      .[.strips.]. .Iadd.means .Iaddend.are formed of stretchable sheet
      material.
NUM  21.
PAR  21. A flexible tape as defined in claim 20 wherein said carrier
      .[.strips.]. .Iadd.means .Iaddend.are formed of crepe paper.
NUM  22.
PAR  22. A flexible tape as defined in claim 1, wherein said carrier strip means
      are formed of stretchable sheet material.
NUM  23.
PAR  23. A flexible tape as defined in claim 1, which further includes adhesive
      disposed on confronting faces of said web portions in transversely opposed
      quadrants of the X, for securing said faces to edges of the members to be
      joined. .[.24. A flexible tape as defined in claim 1, wherein said
      flexible connector means, in crossing between said web portions to which
      they are connected to form said X-like configuration, are free to shift
      relative to each other within the limits defined by their points of
      connection to the respective longitudinal web portions..]..Iadd. 25. A
      flexible tape for joining mating edges of adjacent members,
PA1  said tape having an X-like configuration in cross-section and providing a
      longitudinally continuous structure adapted to extend along and be secured
      to the edges of members to be joined so that the axis of said X-like
      configuration coincides generally with the juncture formed by the members
      to be joined, said tape comprising
PA1  carrier strip means comprising pliable, longitudinally continuous, marginal
      web portions at the extremities of the legs of the X;
PA1  flexible, spaced, connector means running crosswise of and being secured to
      and interconnecting pairs of web portions, at least some of said connector
      means intersecting and crossing other connector means to form said X-like
      configuration; and
PA1  adhesive means disposed on confronting faces of said web portions in
      transversely opposite quadrants of the X for securing said faces to edges
      of the members to be joined..Iaddend. .Iadd. 26. A flexible tape for
      joining mating edges of adjacent members,
PA1  said tape having an X-like configuration in cross-section and providing a
      longitudinally continuous structure adapted to extend along and be secured
      to the edges of the members to be joined so that the axis of said X-like
      configuration coincides generally with the juncture formed by the members
      to be joined, said tape comprising
PA1  pliable, longitudinally continuous, film forming the extremities of the
      legs of the X; and
PA1  flexible, spaced, connector means running cross-wise of and being joined to
      said film on both sides of the X axis, said connector means intersecting
      and crossing each other alternately to form said X-like
      configuration..Iaddend.
